hello guys, hello to everyone, then, how are you?
I promised I bought these
components for making dolls and today
I tell you where I got them from and how they are
the monster as I am this is here
then the long component about 11
11 centimeters and a half centimeters
and on this little hand there is a little hole in
where you can possibly enter a
charm the purse or other
then to these arms and these legs
removable legs on the very long e
bat I am really long so I have it
I took 10 from where I bought them, I got them
bought from a girl who sells on
internet on facebook excuse me
it's called claudia then helen division
there are two pages of helen dir believe
that I say so I don't know anyway
one concerns the components to create
the other the bijoux since for me anyway
it's very boring to look through all the photos
of facebook I wanted to see to find it
also in other sites in other sites of
beads and I didn't find them on the beautiful e
I have not found anything I probably have
the type of research I am also wrong
I did however also on amazon not
I found absolutely nothing then
the only three I found are these
girls and then you can find it on
facebook possibly leave you the link
in the information box
the cost for each piece of one euro and 30
I ordered 10 because 10 came 9
euros and 90 so there was the discount though
ordinal tours 10 so I asked to
buy them and then sent me all the
info
they only ship to
amounts over 10 euros then
since they were less proud this looks no
I don't need anything else I can stop
only to buy these you see I have
bought 10 and told me okay says
however I round it to 10 euros ok it's fine
so I got about one euro
one euro more is 7 euros and 50 euros
shipments and I arrived with a
courier gls extra when made the
payment I made it with paypal
and he sends you an email and where he told you
everything you need to alert once it does
trip course to pay with PayPal
takes place by money transfer
and therefore not payment as happens on
ebay you have to transfer the money and
you must communicate the address
possibly a phone number for
the courier is also the tax code
because they have to make invoice in the
my bag there was nothing else to
anyway that's part of what was the
accompanying document of the gls not
however there was nothing else
but they asked me all this data
so they send me a lot of
information where they tell you how
proceed with the thing that interests me about
more is that you have to order minimum 10 euros
of material also shipments come
7 euros and 50 and then you can pay like
favorite postepay paypal and more now vi
I show the other sites that
so they sell this as you see is the
this is the small page from where I have
purchased the material then go between the
various between the various photos and the various albums e
you are
among the various albums you are
the album is related to the dolls then
sells both as already made
or sell the little body there
small body is this quiz a price of a
euros and fifty then in the description
however he says a euro and 30 or 10 to 9
euro and 90 and then ask for it in short
how you must buy and you can do it
quietly
always on facebook I found another
page called strawberry milk
this is therefore the milk page
strawberry as always go between the various
photo and charles after you are there
really
shoot all because there are so many
photos found the doll's corset
the cost is 1 euro 30 each here
says exhausted but then among the various
comments
I read that maybe they would be found
I don't know this and I don't even know how much
they cost shipping costs
there is also a site that strawberry milk
eu point and I have not all turned around
how many products because they really are
so many on the site I have not
found the doll because there is no
search key and because I repeat it was right
boring swear all the charms in between
the other the site does not allow
purchase therefore does not have a cart ed
it is only as a showcase so ask
possibly on the page that type
disposal of payment to all
information that keeps the purchase
finally I asked the company that I was
like more for excellence than for the
dry if they had something like this e
they sent me precisely on this type
of article called pending
customizable 74 manikin for 20 and
a little shorter than what I have
I showed mine and about a 10 cm
this one is a bit shorter though
we say that the idea is always the e
always the same you see here they make me do
also show an example
the price is two euro 80 if it
buy up to 4 otherwise 250 per
above 5 fair have also
possibility to choose shipping
then traced or priority
you can also save on
expeditions and obviously you don't have a
minimum purchase
so what a little more though
in my opinion
if you only have to buy one
what whites therefore it is convenient
the only shops that I managed to
obviously find if you have gods
Chinese or Indian retailers maybe there
they had from me there were not will not be
absolutely probably not yet
they have become extremely fashionable and if
however there are others I
shops and you want me to point this out
write it in the comments
and tell me where they can be found
eventually I will make a list in boxing
information where you could find
all these little bodies for dolls
so as usual I hope to be there
was helpful to the invitation to look at the
other videos that always concern mine
buy and see you next
video a kiss to all bye